docs(readme): reply.staticCache description (#139)
fastify/fastify-sensible: README.md

```

#### `reply.staticCache`

> The `reply` interface is decorated an helper to set the cache control header to public and immutable configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `reply` interface is decorated with a helper to set the cache control header to a public and immutable configuration.
```
